
Now days web and mobile Apps are become an important part of everyone's life and 
it plays crutial role in order to ease their day to day tasks. But the problem infront 
of software stakeholders is that they have to build both native apps for accessing it
in mobile and Web-based apps for accessing it via Desktop for providing the same features
and functionalities to endusers. to solve this problem 



Title: Progressive Web Apps Using Svelte
Abstract:
Now a days web and mobile Apps are becoming an important part of everyone's 
life and it plays a crucial role in order to ease their day to day tasks. 
But the problem in front of software stakeholders is to build both native apps
and web-based apps for endusers while having same functionalities and features.
To solve this problem Progressive Web Apps i.e PWA is here, This concept firstly
presented by google developer with the vision of “build better experiences across
devices and contexts within a single code base” as before this time we needed 
different multiple code bases to create beautiful apps.So to provide good, fast
and economic software products several web frameworks were created. To choose 
best of all framework (currently present in world like React, Angular, svelte, Vue, etc.) 
especially for progressive web apps is 
the challenge. This paper describes how svelte is a good option for building 
PWA over different existing web frameworks.

Web application is way to share information and connect the people all over the internet.
With that thought people developed different ways to connect people, where they find
new concept like android mobile apps. 
Now days web and mobile Apps are become an important part of everyone's life and it plays 
crutial role in order to ease their day to day tasks.But the problem infront of software 
stakeholders is that they have to build both native apps for accessing it in mobile and
Web-based apps for accessing it via Desktop for providing the same features
and functionalities to endusers. to solve this problem Progressive Web Apps 
i.e PWA is here, This concept firstly presented by google developer 
with the vision of “build better experiences across devices and contexts
within a single codebase” as before this time we needed different multiple
codebases to create beautiful apps. So to provide good, fast and economical 
software products several web frameworks were created. To choose best of all 
framework (currently present in world like React, Angular,svelte, Vue, etc.)specially 
for progressive web apps is the challenge. This paper describes how svelte is good option
for building PWA over different existing web frameworks. Result reveal that how to choose 
best frameworks to solve real world problems.


In current world, we have different frameworks for PWA like angular, react, vue etc. So we
have studied how svelte is more better than other frameworks. PWA using svelte is technology
stack which is get used in different IT industries for solving different business requirements.
In this paper we have discuss how svelte for PWA have advantages compare to other frameworks. 
Code written in svelte is very easy to understand also it is easy to write code as compared to 
other frameworks. PWAs has advantages over android apps like it lightweight, supports offline 
feature and can be run on any browser. We can also download PWA apps in our mobile and use it
as android app. Result reveal that how to choose best frameworks to solve real world problems.
Similarly as technologies grow as people grow, new modifications in apps changed the growth 
of peoples as well as of organizations. One of the modification we have is progressive web apps.
This concept firstly presented by google developer with the vision of “build better experiences
across devices and contexts within a single codebase” as before this time we needed different 
multiple codebases to create beautiful apps.  So to provide good, fast and economical software
products several web frameworks were created. To choose best of all framework specially for 
progressive web apps is the challenge, so we have discussed in this paper about how svelte 
is good for PWAs.

